doc: update readme (#10)
mineiros-io/terraform-google-storage-bucket: README.md

  All attributes of the created `google_storage_bucket` resource.

- **`iam`**

>   The `iam` resource objects that define the access to the resources.

Reviewer: Given that the module is specific to GCS:

```suggestion
  The `iam` resource objects that define the access to the GCS bucket.
```
